README.md, before:

# trendline-indicator
Ads trend-lines to the passed dataframe

# How?

In this approach we are dealing with little information about 1000 tikers.
At first I do not expect good results from this but it is interesting to try.

# Setup

* Paramters:
  * tolerance: percent of difference tolerable for points
  * confirmations:  how many low/high where exactly in the sup/res trend respectively.
  * slope_min: minimal angle of valid trendlines (slopes not yet in degrees...)
  * slope_max: maximum angle of valid trendlines
  * Log scale option (todo)

# Current plots

This are current plots, which are not very usefull. Based on not very tunned settings, only 999 tickers of data.

![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/BCN-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/EOS-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/LTC-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/MFT-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/VEN-BTC-15m-19.png)

Commit message:

added alert on state of code

README.md, after:

# ALERT
All this code is very experimental, not even close to having a release, has flaws all over. WIP

# trendline-indicator
Ads trend-lines to the passed dataframe

# How?

In this approach we are dealing with little information about 1000 tikers.
At first I do not expect good results from this but it is interesting to try.

# Setup

* Paramters:
  * tolerance: percent of difference tolerable for points
  * confirmations:  how many low/high where exactly in the sup/res trend respectively.
  * slope_min: minimal angle of valid trendlines (slopes not yet in degrees...)
  * slope_max: maximum angle of valid trendlines
  * Log scale option (todo)

# Current plots

This are current plots, which are not very usefull. Based on not very tunned settings, only 999 tickers of data.

![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/BCN-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/EOS-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/LTC-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/MFT-BTC-15m-19.png)
![trendlines](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/botum/trendline-indicator/on-the-fly/user_data/plots/VEN-BTC-15m-19.png)
